---
title: I.T week 20
layout: post
author: rhys.evans
permalink: /i.t-week-20/
source-id: 1YavG0_Na1reTi48A_MH_zbJa0tTJqJVxiKah6qAJv8Q
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>I.T week 20</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>38% on codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>42%.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I got to 42%.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by purely persevering and not giving up all the way through the lesson and homework time. This helped as I didn't get distracted at all. Also whilst adding code to my blog I was patient and didn’t panic when my code didn’t work. Mr Keen told me to make my headers more distinctive so that's what I did, making my headers background red.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on my pacing of my work more as well. I was quite slow this week as I wanted to try and not have do an exercise twice but I should’ve submitted it more as the programme tells you what you’ve done wrong. I also should’ve referred to the glossary and the hint more than I did.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will use the glossary and the hint more than I did this week and I will also work at a higher speed than I have previously. I will also take more risks whilst coding as the best way to learn is to make mistakes and then learn from them as no one is ever going to be able to get anything right first time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


