---
title: I.T week 21
layout: post
author: rhys.evans
permalink: /i.t-week-21/
source-id: 16rXEBBLupc06E-W6FgHmnEOwxhXlPZHj2k2bd10-EBA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>I.T week 21</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>21/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>brand new website: repl.it</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To gain a better understanding of python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Yes. I have learned a lot more about python.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today was a more challenging lesson as we couldn't refer to any on screen instructions and also the instructions were more vague than usual. This helped me and my fellow students to learn better as we had to engage our brains more to get the job done and even if you got it wrong you would always learn what was wrong.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>However with the challenges being so difficult it is probably fair say we didn’t cover to much as we only covered two parts of python, however, some would argue quality over quantity is more important. Also I struggled to stay motivated over the course of the lesson as it was so hard.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>So next time my knowledge of coding and python will have increased and I will hopefully be able to complete the challenges faster and not get it wrong as much. This will improve my learning as I will keep up with the lesson better and stay motivated throughout due to my success.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


